And The Last Lecture we learn about core modules Now let's add one to our application if we have a look
at our application we see that in the app component we use the header.
So that's something we only use in our app component.
And that would be something we'd definitely would want to put into such a core module.
We can also then use the core module to basically bundle all our imports and providers in there because
unlike the shared module the core module will only be imported by the root module the app module year.
So they're having a provider's array isn't an issue because it's not a shared module.
We're not sharing it with any other modules so we can't get the behavior.
I warned you of getting in the last lectures.
So let's add a new folder in our app folder and let's name it core because it's going to contain our
core module in any year.
First of all once you move the header into this core folder and I want to move my home component into
the core folder because that's also something we only load on a root level right or home component that
as well you could think of it as a as its own feature but it's really just part of our home page of
the root page you could say.
So with these two components edits here let's add a court marshal file and then this file.
I now want to export a class which all name core module like dad.
And let's add Engy module Tudor's class of course imported from at angular cost.
Now here as before we need to add declarations to declare all the components directives and so on we
want to use in this module.
And that would be the head or component.
Make sure to add the import pointing to the header folder and the home component here because again
it's all really part of our route.
You could argue.
So with that added here that's now old.
Think about what you want to import here.
Now there's one thing we definitely need to import and that's our shared module because there we expose
the dropdown directive and we're using the dropdown directive in our head or component.
So definitely make sure to import the shared module and we also need to import the app routing module
where we register our application routes because we need that router module which we export here as
we do have router trollings in the headers so we need to have this routing functionality in our header.
And now I want to export something.
What do I want to export I want to export the app routing module because what we needed in this Marchal
tool for the header.
We also needed our main module because you always need your routes routes in the app module and we do
have a router outlet there too.
So definitely make sure to export the routing Marchal.
I also want to export the header component because I'm using the selector of the hetero component in
my app component template here.
And we can only use hattery year as a side note this year it can of course be cleaned up if you still
have that in your file it's a relic from the recipe module we build in this course but this can only
be included here does hetero's select or if we export declaration which we now have and the core module.
And there's one other thing I can export but I will come back to this later.
So let's go to the app module now we can't get rid of the home and header component so that we not only
declared the app component we can't get rid of D home component import and OBD-II header component import
and that's looking better.
And this space.
How did declarations arrays should look like in your app component and your app module.
It may of course have a couple of different or other components but it's really great if you have no
other component but the app component.
Instead I will now import my core module which exploits the header components so that I can use the
selector here.
We don't need to export the home component because remember for routing you didn't have to export declaration
with that that's looking pretty good but we do get an error message which we can also see if we try
to visit the page that we can find data storage and be of service and that is a simple reason we're
using both imports header component because we inject these types here.
And as I mentioned before if we use a type like we do here we have to tell typescript where to find
it and since we moved the head folder we have to adjust these import pauvres we basically need to go
up one additional level and we that it should be working fine again.
So now if we have a look at our application and we reloaded we still get an error and that error is
that we can't point the home component that error basically has the same root as here with the two services
and the header component.
We have to adjust the path here because we all moved to the home component.
So we all have to go up one half year in the routing module.
So we basically just have to add de-clawed folder here in the park to make this work again.
And with that the application should be bold and should run fine.
And it does.
So that's the basic core module.
Now let's have a look at what we can do with our services.
We provide application of white